,text,ActualLabel,PredictedLabel
2,"the group was moving to a new building across the street and were moving in three weeks. the group discussed the logistics of the new building. first, the group decided to organise their group into three groups: the phd students, the professor, and the graduate student. next, they decided what kind of equipment they should have in their new building and how they should design it. lastly, they discussed how they could make their group more efficient by making sure they had enough money for the cost control.",office relocation,0
3,"this meeting was about the design of the new building. first, the group decided to put two people room in the middle with only one window, so they would have to pay attention to the colour of the building. next, they decided to place the first para meter, the first one was a para meter to choose people to put in their offices. then, they agreed to put the second one as well as the third one. lastly, they discussed how they would make the building more comfortable for all of them.",office relocation,0
4,the meeting was about the new office space in the university building. the team first discussed how they would use the space they had been waiting for. the professor thought that they should make it better for the team to work on their next projects. the group also discussed how to make sure that the team would have enough room for all their work. the meeting ended with a group discussion about how they could make their new office better. the professor suggested that the group should make their next project better.,office relocation,0
5,"this meeting was about the design of the new rooms in new building. first, the group discussed the logistics of putting four people in one of the 23 person rooms: one person, two person and three person rooms. next, they discussed how to deal with the storage of the equipment. they agreed that they should keep the cost under twelve and a half euros per room, but they would have to pay attention to the cost control. lastly, they agreed that the room should be well-lit and that it should be easy to use.",office relocation,0
10,this meeting was about technical issues that the team had to deal with within the backdrop project. first the team introduced the technical lead for the backdrop c ms project who was introducing the d two b migration model. next the group discussed technical issues with the d-two b module which was responsible for migration to the database. lastly the meeting ended with a group discussion about the future of the project including future ideas for future work. the group agreed that more work should be done on the background project.,architecture,0
12,this meeting was about the logistics of the group meeting. the team was trying to figure out how they could make their group meeting more efficient. the professor suggested that they should make the meeting more interactive and asked the team members to share their knowledge about their work. the meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project. the group discussed how they would like to make their meeting more useful. they agreed to make it more interactive by making it more accessible to all members of the team.,architecture,0
13,"the meeting was about the architecture design of the git lab's new dss project. the group first discussed the design of an architecture design document that would cover the future of the dss. they discussed how they could further improve the current architecture. the meeting ended with a general discussion about future work on the project, including future directions for the project and future work in general. the final meeting was focused on future work, including a new project manager's role and the future direction of the project.",architecture,0
14,"the meeting was about the performance of the d-goal. the team was reminded that they had to be very careful about the quality of their work. the professor thought that they should make sure that their work was up to standard and that they were doing a good job of it. the group also discussed how they could make their work better. the final meeting ended with a group discussion about the future directions of the project, including the future direction of the team and future work on the project.",architecture,0
15,"the meeting was about the progress of their work on the aurora project. the group discussed aurora's progress and future directions. the professor thought that aurora should create a shared document with some organization to share the work they had done. the team agreed that aurora's performance should be measured against the criteria they had set for aurora, but they were not sure how they could make their work better. the meeting ended with a general discussion about aurora's future directions and future work on aurora's project.",architecture,0
16,"the meeting was about the weekly sync for the new diffs project. the team was working on an architecture workflow for the architecture. the professor thought that they should make the team more efficient by making sure that they would not only focus on the architecture, but also on the design of the interface and the interface design. the group also discussed how they could make the project more efficient. the meeting ended with a general discussion about the current status of the project, including the progress of the team's work and future directions.",architecture,0
18,"this meeting was about the progress of the team's work on the ds project. the team first discussed the technical matters, then moved onto a discussion about how they would make their work more efficient. the final decision was made that the team should focus on the service side rendering, but the team was not sure what they should do to make it better. finally, the meeting ended with a brief discussion about the future of the project, which was mainly about future work and future thoughts on the project.",architecture,0
19,"this was the second meeting of the new d-goal group. the meeting was about the architecture of the database. first, the group discussed the scroll issues that the team had to deal with. next, they discussed the logistics of adding the blueprint to the documentation. the group also discussed how they could make their database more robust. lastly, the meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the database and future thoughts about the team's work in general.",architecture,0
20,"this was the final meeting of the interface project. the team first discussed the accessibility issue. the group also discussed the requirements for the interface, such as how to deal with different kinds of data and how to handle different types of data. the final meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the interface and future directions for the team's work. the group agreed that the interface should be up to standard and that it should be a good-looking and user-friendly interface.",architecture,0
21,"this meeting was about two lists of priorities: one for the accessibility and the other for the completeness of the architecture feature. first, the group discussed the order of priorities between the two lists: accessibility and completeness. then, they talked about the requirements for the future of the project. the group agreed that they should always have accessibility, but they should also be careful about the quality of the product they were working on. lastly, they discussed the current status of their work on the project and future direction of the work.",architecture,0
