{
    "index": "langchain-retrieval-transcript",
    "namespace": "default_namespace",
    "meeting_title": "2023-10-03-New_diffs_Architecture_Workflow",
    "meeting_uuid": "4cbd0d4e-6cf9-4db4-bf15-f4f4e4d3d8d8",
    "meeting_date": "20240307110956",
    "last_conversation_no": 17590,
    "meeting_video_file": false,
    "meeting_members": [
        "spk_0",
        "spk_1",
        "spk_2",
        "spk_3",
        "spk_4"
    ],
    "meeting_summary": "The meeting was about the Weekly Sync for the New Diffs project. The team was working on an architecture workflow for the architecture. The professor thought that they should make the team more efficient by making sure that they would not only focus on the architecture, but also on the design of the interface and the interface design. The group also discussed how they could make the project more efficient. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the current status of the project, including the progress of the team's work and future directions."
}