{
    "index": "langchain-retrieval-transcript",
    "namespace": "default_namespace",
    "meeting_title": "Gitlab_Monthly_Release_Kickoff_2",
    "meeting_uuid": "55d8afa8-a1bf-413c-a75c-b8c14da88d87",
    "meeting_date": "20240307105931",
    "last_conversation_no": 14911,
    "meeting_video_file": false,
    "meeting_members": [
        "spk_0",
        "spk_1",
        "spk_2",
        "spk_3",
        "spk_4",
        "spk_5"
    ],
    "meeting_summary": "This meeting was about the logistics of the group meeting. The team was trying to figure out how they could make their group meeting more efficient. The professor suggested that they should make the meeting more interactive and asked the team members to share their knowledge about their work. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project. The group discussed how they would like to make their meeting more useful. They agreed to make it more interactive by making it more accessible to all members of the team."
}