{
 "cells": [
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 1,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "uuid_to_filename_dict = {\n",
    "    \"52d105f8-1c80-4056-8253-732b9e2bec63\": \"office_relocation_1.csv\",\n",
    "    \"9ed1fefa-db53-41fc-a21b-479b67e30073\": \"office_relocation_2.csv\",\n",
    "    \"e993da88-0e17-4a35-ba9a-c03decca607b\": \"office_relocation_3.csv\",\n",
    "    \"61d453f1-2852-48d9-a25a-b6e04c3c4908\": \"office_relocation_4.csv\",\n",
    "    \"ba94585e-b0df-4633-bef2-a4f94f644c11\": \"Social_Media_-_Harmed_Teens.csv\",\n",
    "    \"906c7694-0e33-4c8e-8f51-0365155fbb81\": \"Social_Media_-_Ruins_your_life.csv\",\n",
    "    \"52d2dfe4-748b-4ecf-84fb-64be6ebcaeef\": \"ES2014a.Mix-Headset.csv\",\n",
    "    \"1be8e439-45b3-4c97-9e4a-5c78c1a15e78\": \"ES2014b.Mix-Headset_1.csv\",\n",
    "    \"a4b7b490-7b28-4744-85e5-d216f40ff52c\": \"ES2014b.Mix-Headset_2.csv\",\n",
    "    \"b3821662-03f1-4349-8781-ba5f64439693\": \"ES2014c.Mix-Headset.csv\",\n",
    "    \"95efa3c5-9770-4160-9f28-35350efb9f73\": \"Gitlab_Monthly_Release_Kickoff_1.csv\",\n",
    "    \"85430eae-d466-4d63-9015-5835bbe71b90\": \"product_marketing_meeting.csv\",\n",
    "    \"55d8afa8-a1bf-413c-a75c-b8c14da88d87\": \"Gitlab_Monthly_Release_Kickoff_2.csv\",\n",
    "    \"15b7549d-4b3f-43b5-9507-85de435f1b4a\": \"2023-09-26_Architecture_Design_Workflow_New_Diffs_kickoff_call_1.csv\",\n",
    "    \"875564dc-9954-41da-9084-ccf04ebffdb0\": \"2023-09-26_Architecture_Design_Workflow_New_Diffs_kickoff_call_2.csv\",\n",
    "    \"72858a28-248d-4bef-af03-c62a3c285fbb\": \"2023-09-26_Architecture_Design_Workflow_New_Diffs_kickoff_call_3.csv\",\n",
    "    \"4cbd0d4e-6cf9-4db4-bf15-f4f4e4d3d8d8\": \"2023-10-03-New_diffs_Architecture_Workflow.csv\",\n",
    "    \"4badb5ba-ca92-4c3c-a7e9-0d49fc7a8137\": \"2023-10-10_New_diffs_architecture_workflow_weekly_EMEA_AMER_1.csv\",\n",
    "    \"9c5aa3e4-b047-4f08-a838-9b665e251e4d\": \"2023-10-10_New_diffs_architecture_workflow_weekly_EMEA_AMER_2.csv\",\n",
    "    \"d7c8e3b8-c6e0-4845-8669-f2f4ed1b8549\": \"2023-10-17_New_diffs_architecture_blueprint_1.csv\",\n",
    "    \"876e67fa-314d-40e4-b942-21ca63e81995\": \"2023-10-17_New_diffs_architecture_blueprint_2.csv\",\n",
    "}"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 2,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# old Code - DNU\n",
    "# import os\n",
    "# import shutil\n",
    "# map_files = uuid_to_filename_dict.values()\n",
    "# move_to = \"./data/transcriptFiles/\"\n",
    "# for dirs in os.listdir(\"./data/transcriptFiles/Transcript-Dataset/\"):\n",
    "#     dirs = \"./data/transcriptFiles/Transcript-Dataset/\" + dirs + \"/\"\n",
    "#     for filename in os.listdir(dirs):\n",
    "#         if filename in map_files:\n",
    "#             shutil.move(\n",
    "#                 dirs + filename,\n",
    "#                 move_to + filename,\n",
    "#             )\n",
    "#             print(filename + \" moved to \" + move_to)\n",
    "#         else:\n",
    "#             print(filename + \" not found in map\")"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 3,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "import json\n",
    "\n",
    "from src.pinecone.resonate_pinecone_functions import PineconeServerless\n",
    "import time\n",
    "import pandas as pd"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 7,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "pinecone = PineconeServerless()"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 4,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "def load_json_config(json_file_path=\"./config/config.json\"):\n",
    "    # Use a context manager to ensure the file is properly closed after opening\n",
    "    with open(json_file_path, \"r\") as file:\n",
    "        # Load the JSON data\n",
    "        data = json.load(file)\n",
    "\n",
    "    return data"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 5,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "def pinecone_init_upsert(\n",
    "    df_transcript: pd.DataFrame,\n",
    "    meeting_title: str,\n",
    "    meeting_summary: str,\n",
    "    meeting_uuid: str,\n",
    "):\n",
    "    try:\n",
    "\n",
    "        pinecone = PineconeServerless()\n",
    "        pinecone.pinecone_upsert(\n",
    "            df_transcript,\n",
    "            meeting_uuid=meeting_uuid,\n",
    "            meeting_video_file=False,\n",
    "            meeting_title=meeting_title,\n",
    "            meeting_summary=meeting_summary,\n",
    "        )\n",
    "        time.sleep(5)\n",
    "    except Exception as e:\n",
    "        print(\"Error upserting transcript to Pinecone: \", e)"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": null,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [],
   "source": [
    "# code to standardize transcript files data and format\n",
    "def organize_transcript_files(transcriptFolder, map_files):\n",
    "    for transcript in os.listdir(transcriptFolder):\n",
    "        if transcript in map_files:\n",
    "            df_transcript = pd.read_csv(\n",
    "                transcriptFolder + transcript,\n",
    "            )\n",
    "            # Check if \"Unnamed: 0\" exists in the DataFrame\n",
    "            if \"Unnamed: 0\" in df_transcript.columns:\n",
    "                # Set \"Unnamed: 0\" as the index of the DataFrame\n",
    "                df_transcript.set_index(\"Unnamed: 0\", inplace=True)\n",
    "                # Optionally, you can rename the index to give it a meaningful name\n",
    "                df_transcript.index.name = None  # This removes the name of the index, or you can set it to something meaningful\n",
    "            # Desired order of columns\n",
    "            desired_order = [\"start_time\", \"end_time\", \"speaker_label\", \"text\"]\n",
    "            # Rearrange the columns in the specified order\n",
    "            df_transcript = df_transcript[desired_order]\n",
    "            meeting_title = \"\"\n",
    "            meeting_summary = \"\"\n",
    "            meeting_uuid = next(\n",
    "                (\n",
    "                    key\n",
    "                    for key, value in uuid_to_filename_dict.items()\n",
    "                    if value == transcript\n",
    "                ),\n",
    "                None,\n",
    "            )\n",
    "            print(df_transcript.index)\n",
    "            print(df_transcript.columns)\n",
    "            # display(df_transcript.head())\n",
    "            df_transcript.to_csv(transcriptFolder + transcript)\n",
    "\n",
    "\n",
    "\"\"\"\n",
    "map_files = list(uuid_to_filename_dict.values())\n",
    "map_uuid = list(uuid_to_filename_dict.keys())\n",
    "transcriptFolder = \"./data/transcriptFiles/\"\n",
    "organize_transcript_files(transcriptFolder=transcriptFolder, map_files=map_files)\n",
    "\"\"\""
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 6,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "data": {
      "text/plain": [
       "{'ba94585e-b0df-4633-bef2-a4f94f644c11': \"This meeting was about the future of social media. Firstly, the group discussed the current trends in the social media market, including the rise in the use of the internet and the trend-watching. Secondly, they talked about the current trend in the market for the internet, which was largely focused on the young and old people's different tastes. Thirdly, they discussed the role of the Internet in the current political climate, and the future directions of the society. Lastly, they agreed that the market should be more focused on young people and less on old people.\",\n",
       " '906c7694-0e33-4c8e-8f51-0365155fbb81': \"This is the second meeting about future of social media. First, the group discussed the role of social media as a useful platform and tool for young people. They also discussed the current trend in the market and future direction of young people's lives. Then, the discussion moved onto the topic of young trans kids and how they would like to make their lives better. They talked about how they could help their young trans friends to make sure they were on the right track. Finally, they talked about the future of their group and future plans.\",\n",
       " '52d105f8-1c80-4056-8253-732b9e2bec63': 'The group was moving to a new building across the street and were moving in three weeks. The group discussed the logistics of the new building. First, the group decided to organise their group into three groups: the phd students, the professor, and the graduate student. Next, they decided what kind of equipment they should have in their new building and how they should design it. Lastly, they discussed how they could make their group more efficient by making sure they had enough money for the cost control.',\n",
       " '9ed1fefa-db53-41fc-a21b-479b67e30073': 'This meeting was about the design of the new building. First, the group decided to put two people room in the middle with only one window, so they would have to pay attention to the colour of the building. Next, they decided to place the first para meter, the first one was a para meter to choose people to put in their offices. Then, they agreed to put the second one as well as the third one. Lastly, they discussed how they would make the building more comfortable for all of them.',\n",
       " 'e993da88-0e17-4a35-ba9a-c03decca607b': 'The meeting was about the new office space in the university building. The team first discussed how they would use the space they had been waiting for. The professor thought that they should make it better for the team to work on their next projects. The group also discussed how to make sure that the team would have enough room for all their work. The meeting ended with a group discussion about how they could make their new office better. The professor suggested that the group should make their next project better.',\n",
       " '61d453f1-2852-48d9-a25a-b6e04c3c4908': 'This meeting was about the design of the new rooms in new building. First, the group discussed the logistics of putting four people in one of the 23 person rooms: one person, two person and three person rooms. Next, they discussed how to deal with the storage of the equipment. They agreed that they should keep the cost under twelve and a half Euros per room, but they would have to pay attention to the cost control. Lastly, they agreed that the room should be well-lit and that it should be easy to use.',\n",
       " '52d2dfe4-748b-4ecf-84fb-64be6ebcaeef': 'This is the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager introduced the team members to the project and asked them to come up with a new design for the remote control. The team agreed to make the new product more user-friendly and to make it a remote control for all age groups. The meeting ended with a group discussion about the working design of the product. The group agreed that the product should be a working design with a wide range of functions and should be suitable for all ages groups.',\n",
       " '1be8e439-45b3-4c97-9e4a-5c78c1a15e78': \"This meeting was about the working design of the new remote control. First, the group discussed the three presentations from the three team members: from the group's point of view, from the user interface's perspective, and from the industrial design's perspective. They agreed that they should make the product only for TV and that the corporate image should be the final thing to be added to the product. Then, the team discussed the project requirements: the design of components, system, and interface design. The group agreed that the product should be only for television and should be priced at twelve and a half Euros.\",\n",
       " 'a4b7b490-7b28-4744-85e5-d216f40ff52c': 'This meeting was about the design of the new remote control product. Firstly, the group discussed the market requirements of the product: young people would like to have a high-tech design with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market. Next, they talked about the working design of their product: it would be a remote control with LCD screen and voice recognition. Lastly, they discussed the product requirements: the remote control would be good-looking, easy to use, and would be priced at twelve fifty Euros.',\n",
       " 'b3821662-03f1-4349-8781-ba5f64439693': 'This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the components design. They decided to have the, the logo, the company logo in its colour scheme in its own colour scheme. Next, they discussed the technical requirements. The group agreed that the product should be simple to use, but they wanted it to be more expensive. Lastly, they made some decisions about the product design, like the colour scheme, the material, the battery, and the buttons.',\n",
       " 'd8054419-991c-42f8-b736-a9da4f55126f': 'This meeting was about technical issues that the team had to deal with within the backdrop project. First the team introduced the technical lead for the backdrop C MS project who was introducing the D two B migration model. Next the group discussed technical issues with the D-two B module which was responsible for migration to the database. Lastly the meeting ended with a group discussion about the future of the project including future ideas for future work. The group agreed that more work should be done on the background project.',\n",
       " '95efa3c5-9770-4160-9f28-35350efb9f73': 'This is the first time that the team has hosted a release kickoff at Git Lab. The meeting was about the Glab 16.7 monthly release kickoff for November. First the team discussed the current status of the core platforms group. Next the group discussed the future direction of the project including future directions and future work on data science. Lastly the meeting ended with a group discussion about the Deaf section of the web which was mainly about the improvements in the interface design.',\n",
       " '85430eae-d466-4d63-9015-5835bbe71b90': 'The group product manager introduced the product leaders for the SEC and data science sections. The team was working on a world-class Cops experience with a focus on first class usability and A I powered workflows. They were also working on an interface for the data science section. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the future direction of the project including future work on the Cops project and future directions of the C-zero project. The group also discussed the future of the team and their work on C-one and C-two.',\n",
       " '55d8afa8-a1bf-413c-a75c-b8c14da88d87': 'This meeting was about the logistics of the group meeting. The team was trying to figure out how they could make their group meeting more efficient. The professor suggested that they should make the meeting more interactive and asked the team members to share their knowledge about their work. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project. The group discussed how they would like to make their meeting more useful. They agreed to make it more interactive by making it more accessible to all members of the team.',\n",
       " '15b7549d-4b3f-43b5-9507-85de435f1b4a': \"The meeting was about the architecture design of the GIT lab's new DSS project. The group first discussed the design of an architecture design document that would cover the future of the DSS. They discussed how they could further improve the current architecture. The meeting ended with a general discussion about future work on the project, including future directions for the project and future work in general. The final meeting was focused on future work, including a new project manager's role and the future direction of the project.\",\n",
       " '875564dc-9954-41da-9084-ccf04ebffdb0': 'The meeting was about the performance of the D-goal. The team was reminded that they had to be very careful about the quality of their work. The professor thought that they should make sure that their work was up to standard and that they were doing a good job of it. The group also discussed how they could make their work better. The final meeting ended with a group discussion about the future directions of the project, including the future direction of the team and future work on the project.',\n",
       " '72858a28-248d-4bef-af03-c62a3c285fbb': \"The meeting was about the progress of their work on the Aurora project. The group discussed Aurora's progress and future directions. The professor thought that Aurora should create a shared document with some organization to share the work they had done. The team agreed that Aurora's performance should be measured against the criteria they had set for Aurora, but they were not sure how they could make their work better. The meeting ended with a general discussion about Aurora's future directions and future work on Aurora's project.\",\n",
       " '4cbd0d4e-6cf9-4db4-bf15-f4f4e4d3d8d8': \"The meeting was about the Weekly Sync for the New Diffs project. The team was working on an architecture workflow for the architecture. The professor thought that they should make the team more efficient by making sure that they would not only focus on the architecture, but also on the design of the interface and the interface design. The group also discussed how they could make the project more efficient. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the current status of the project, including the progress of the team's work and future directions.\",\n",
       " '4badb5ba-ca92-4c3c-a7e9-0d49fc7a8137': 'This is the second meeting of the group. First, the group discussed the logistics of the new time zone. They discussed how to deal with the different time zones of the time zones. Then, they discussed how they could make their work better by making it easier for people to share their work with the world. Lastly, they talked about how to make the new diffs architecture better for the group and how they would make it easier to share ideas about their work and future work with other groups.',\n",
       " '9c5aa3e4-b047-4f08-a838-9b665e251e4d': \"This meeting was about the progress of the team's work on the DS project. The team first discussed the technical matters, then moved onto a discussion about how they would make their work more efficient. The final decision was made that the team should focus on the service side rendering, but the team was not sure what they should do to make it better. Finally, the meeting ended with a brief discussion about the future of the project, which was mainly about future work and future thoughts on the project.\",\n",
       " 'd7c8e3b8-c6e0-4845-8669-f2f4ed1b8549': \"This was the second meeting of the new D-goal group. The meeting was about the architecture of the database. First, the group discussed the scroll issues that the team had to deal with. Next, they discussed the logistics of adding the blueprint to the documentation. The group also discussed how they could make their database more robust. Lastly, the meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the database and future thoughts about the team's work in general.\",\n",
       " '876e67fa-314d-40e4-b942-21ca63e81995': \"This was the final meeting of the interface project. The team first discussed the accessibility issue. The group also discussed the requirements for the interface, such as how to deal with different kinds of data and how to handle different types of data. The final meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the interface and future directions for the team's work. The group agreed that the interface should be up to standard and that it should be a good-looking and user-friendly interface.\",\n",
       " '9f845b2f-fae9-4179-90e1-18e757888716': 'This is the third meeting of the group. The group first discussed the current trend in the market place and future directions of the market. Then, the group discussed the status of the project and its progress. The meeting ended with a general overview of the New York State and the future direction of the health care field. The final point of the meeting was that the group was very satisfied with the progress of their project and the team was looking forward to the next meeting. The team also discussed the future of the team and the project.',\n",
       " 'da390244-0d69-4a1b-9e2c-dbc88041a6e9': 'This is the third meeting of the group. The group first discussed the current trend in the market place and future directions of the market. Then, the group discussed the status of the project and its progress. The meeting ended with a general overview of the New York State and the future direction of the health care field. The final point of the meeting was that the group was very satisfied with the progress of their project and the team was looking forward to the next meeting. The team also discussed the future of the team and the project.'}"
      ]
     },
     "metadata": {},
     "output_type": "display_data"
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "summaryFile = \"./data/summaryFiles/abstract_summary_data.csv\"\n",
    "\n",
    "df_summary = pd.read_csv(summaryFile)\n",
    "# display(df_summary.head())\n",
    "\n",
    "# Convert DataFrame to dictionary\n",
    "df_summary_dict_list = df_summary.to_dict(orient=\"records\")\n",
    "\n",
    "# display(df_summary_dict_list[0][\"uuid\"])\n",
    "df_summary_dict = {}\n",
    "for i in df_summary_dict_list:\n",
    "    df_summary_dict[i[\"uuid\"]] = i[\"text\"]\n",
    "display(df_summary_dict)"
   ]
  },
  {
   "cell_type": "code",
   "execution_count": 8,
   "metadata": {},
   "outputs": [
    {
     "name": "stdout",
     "output_type": "stream",
     "text": [
      "ba94585e-b0df-4633-bef2-a4f94f644c11 This meeting was about the future of social media. Firstly, the group discussed the current trends in the social media market, including the rise in the use of the internet and the trend-watching. Secondly, they talked about the current trend in the market for the internet, which was largely focused on the young and old people's different tastes. Thirdly, they discussed the role of the Internet in the current political climate, and the future directions of the society. Lastly, they agreed that the market should be more focused on young people and less on old people.\n",
      "ba94585e-b0df-4633-bef2-a4f94f644c11 Social_Media_-_Harmed_Teens.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "906c7694-0e33-4c8e-8f51-0365155fbb81 This is the second meeting about future of social media. First, the group discussed the role of social media as a useful platform and tool for young people. They also discussed the current trend in the market and future direction of young people's lives. Then, the discussion moved onto the topic of young trans kids and how they would like to make their lives better. They talked about how they could help their young trans friends to make sure they were on the right track. Finally, they talked about the future of their group and future plans.\n",
      "906c7694-0e33-4c8e-8f51-0365155fbb81 Social_Media_-_Ruins_your_life.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "52d105f8-1c80-4056-8253-732b9e2bec63 The group was moving to a new building across the street and were moving in three weeks. The group discussed the logistics of the new building. First, the group decided to organise their group into three groups: the phd students, the professor, and the graduate student. Next, they decided what kind of equipment they should have in their new building and how they should design it. Lastly, they discussed how they could make their group more efficient by making sure they had enough money for the cost control.\n",
      "52d105f8-1c80-4056-8253-732b9e2bec63 office_relocation_1.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "9ed1fefa-db53-41fc-a21b-479b67e30073 This meeting was about the design of the new building. First, the group decided to put two people room in the middle with only one window, so they would have to pay attention to the colour of the building. Next, they decided to place the first para meter, the first one was a para meter to choose people to put in their offices. Then, they agreed to put the second one as well as the third one. Lastly, they discussed how they would make the building more comfortable for all of them.\n",
      "9ed1fefa-db53-41fc-a21b-479b67e30073 office_relocation_2.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "e993da88-0e17-4a35-ba9a-c03decca607b The meeting was about the new office space in the university building. The team first discussed how they would use the space they had been waiting for. The professor thought that they should make it better for the team to work on their next projects. The group also discussed how to make sure that the team would have enough room for all their work. The meeting ended with a group discussion about how they could make their new office better. The professor suggested that the group should make their next project better.\n",
      "e993da88-0e17-4a35-ba9a-c03decca607b office_relocation_3.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "61d453f1-2852-48d9-a25a-b6e04c3c4908 This meeting was about the design of the new rooms in new building. First, the group discussed the logistics of putting four people in one of the 23 person rooms: one person, two person and three person rooms. Next, they discussed how to deal with the storage of the equipment. They agreed that they should keep the cost under twelve and a half Euros per room, but they would have to pay attention to the cost control. Lastly, they agreed that the room should be well-lit and that it should be easy to use.\n",
      "61d453f1-2852-48d9-a25a-b6e04c3c4908 office_relocation_4.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "52d2dfe4-748b-4ecf-84fb-64be6ebcaeef This is the first meeting of the new remote control project. Project Manager introduced the team members to the project and asked them to come up with a new design for the remote control. The team agreed to make the new product more user-friendly and to make it a remote control for all age groups. The meeting ended with a group discussion about the working design of the product. The group agreed that the product should be a working design with a wide range of functions and should be suitable for all ages groups.\n",
      "52d2dfe4-748b-4ecf-84fb-64be6ebcaeef ES2014a.Mix-Headset.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "1be8e439-45b3-4c97-9e4a-5c78c1a15e78 This meeting was about the working design of the new remote control. First, the group discussed the three presentations from the three team members: from the group's point of view, from the user interface's perspective, and from the industrial design's perspective. They agreed that they should make the product only for TV and that the corporate image should be the final thing to be added to the product. Then, the team discussed the project requirements: the design of components, system, and interface design. The group agreed that the product should be only for television and should be priced at twelve and a half Euros.\n",
      "1be8e439-45b3-4c97-9e4a-5c78c1a15e78 ES2014b.Mix-Headset_1.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "a4b7b490-7b28-4744-85e5-d216f40ff52c This meeting was about the design of the new remote control product. Firstly, the group discussed the market requirements of the product: young people would like to have a high-tech design with fewer buttons than most of the controls on the market. Next, they talked about the working design of their product: it would be a remote control with LCD screen and voice recognition. Lastly, they discussed the product requirements: the remote control would be good-looking, easy to use, and would be priced at twelve fifty Euros.\n",
      "a4b7b490-7b28-4744-85e5-d216f40ff52c ES2014b.Mix-Headset_2.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "b3821662-03f1-4349-8781-ba5f64439693 This meeting was about the conceptual design of the remote control. First, the group discussed the components design. They decided to have the, the logo, the company logo in its colour scheme in its own colour scheme. Next, they discussed the technical requirements. The group agreed that the product should be simple to use, but they wanted it to be more expensive. Lastly, they made some decisions about the product design, like the colour scheme, the material, the battery, and the buttons.\n",
      "b3821662-03f1-4349-8781-ba5f64439693 ES2014c.Mix-Headset.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "95efa3c5-9770-4160-9f28-35350efb9f73 This is the first time that the team has hosted a release kickoff at Git Lab. The meeting was about the Glab 16.7 monthly release kickoff for November. First the team discussed the current status of the core platforms group. Next the group discussed the future direction of the project including future directions and future work on data science. Lastly the meeting ended with a group discussion about the Deaf section of the web which was mainly about the improvements in the interface design.\n",
      "95efa3c5-9770-4160-9f28-35350efb9f73 Gitlab_Monthly_Release_Kickoff_1.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "85430eae-d466-4d63-9015-5835bbe71b90 The group product manager introduced the product leaders for the SEC and data science sections. The team was working on a world-class Cops experience with a focus on first class usability and A I powered workflows. They were also working on an interface for the data science section. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the future direction of the project including future work on the Cops project and future directions of the C-zero project. The group also discussed the future of the team and their work on C-one and C-two.\n",
      "85430eae-d466-4d63-9015-5835bbe71b90 product_marketing_meeting.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "55d8afa8-a1bf-413c-a75c-b8c14da88d87 This meeting was about the logistics of the group meeting. The team was trying to figure out how they could make their group meeting more efficient. The professor suggested that they should make the meeting more interactive and asked the team members to share their knowledge about their work. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project. The group discussed how they would like to make their meeting more useful. They agreed to make it more interactive by making it more accessible to all members of the team.\n",
      "55d8afa8-a1bf-413c-a75c-b8c14da88d87 Gitlab_Monthly_Release_Kickoff_2.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "15b7549d-4b3f-43b5-9507-85de435f1b4a The meeting was about the architecture design of the GIT lab's new DSS project. The group first discussed the design of an architecture design document that would cover the future of the DSS. They discussed how they could further improve the current architecture. The meeting ended with a general discussion about future work on the project, including future directions for the project and future work in general. The final meeting was focused on future work, including a new project manager's role and the future direction of the project.\n",
      "15b7549d-4b3f-43b5-9507-85de435f1b4a 2023-09-26_Architecture_Design_Workflow_New_Diffs_kickoff_call_1.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "875564dc-9954-41da-9084-ccf04ebffdb0 The meeting was about the performance of the D-goal. The team was reminded that they had to be very careful about the quality of their work. The professor thought that they should make sure that their work was up to standard and that they were doing a good job of it. The group also discussed how they could make their work better. The final meeting ended with a group discussion about the future directions of the project, including the future direction of the team and future work on the project.\n",
      "875564dc-9954-41da-9084-ccf04ebffdb0 2023-09-26_Architecture_Design_Workflow_New_Diffs_kickoff_call_2.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "72858a28-248d-4bef-af03-c62a3c285fbb The meeting was about the progress of their work on the Aurora project. The group discussed Aurora's progress and future directions. The professor thought that Aurora should create a shared document with some organization to share the work they had done. The team agreed that Aurora's performance should be measured against the criteria they had set for Aurora, but they were not sure how they could make their work better. The meeting ended with a general discussion about Aurora's future directions and future work on Aurora's project.\n",
      "72858a28-248d-4bef-af03-c62a3c285fbb 2023-09-26_Architecture_Design_Workflow_New_Diffs_kickoff_call_3.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "4cbd0d4e-6cf9-4db4-bf15-f4f4e4d3d8d8 The meeting was about the Weekly Sync for the New Diffs project. The team was working on an architecture workflow for the architecture. The professor thought that they should make the team more efficient by making sure that they would not only focus on the architecture, but also on the design of the interface and the interface design. The group also discussed how they could make the project more efficient. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the current status of the project, including the progress of the team's work and future directions.\n",
      "4cbd0d4e-6cf9-4db4-bf15-f4f4e4d3d8d8 2023-10-03-New_diffs_Architecture_Workflow.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "4badb5ba-ca92-4c3c-a7e9-0d49fc7a8137 This is the second meeting of the group. First, the group discussed the logistics of the new time zone. They discussed how to deal with the different time zones of the time zones. Then, they discussed how they could make their work better by making it easier for people to share their work with the world. Lastly, they talked about how to make the new diffs architecture better for the group and how they would make it easier to share ideas about their work and future work with other groups.\n",
      "4badb5ba-ca92-4c3c-a7e9-0d49fc7a8137 2023-10-10_New_diffs_architecture_workflow_weekly_EMEA_AMER_1.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "9c5aa3e4-b047-4f08-a838-9b665e251e4d This meeting was about the progress of the team's work on the DS project. The team first discussed the technical matters, then moved onto a discussion about how they would make their work more efficient. The final decision was made that the team should focus on the service side rendering, but the team was not sure what they should do to make it better. Finally, the meeting ended with a brief discussion about the future of the project, which was mainly about future work and future thoughts on the project.\n",
      "9c5aa3e4-b047-4f08-a838-9b665e251e4d 2023-10-10_New_diffs_architecture_workflow_weekly_EMEA_AMER_2.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Upserted transcript into Pinecone\n",
      "d7c8e3b8-c6e0-4845-8669-f2f4ed1b8549 This was the second meeting of the new D-goal group. The meeting was about the architecture of the database. First, the group discussed the scroll issues that the team had to deal with. Next, they discussed the logistics of adding the blueprint to the documentation. The group also discussed how they could make their database more robust. Lastly, the meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the database and future thoughts about the team's work in general.\n",
      "d7c8e3b8-c6e0-4845-8669-f2f4ed1b8549 2023-10-17_New_diffs_architecture_blueprint_1.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Error upserting transcript to Pinecone:  Error code: 429 - {'error': {'message': 'Rate limit reached for text-embedding-3-large in organization org-1jqIKi00bcBNoP858muzh3Az on requests per min (RPM): Limit 3, Used 3, Requested 1. Please try again in 20s. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more. You can increase your rate limit by adding a payment method to your account at https://platform.openai.com/account/billing.', 'type': 'requests', 'param': None, 'code': 'rate_limit_exceeded'}}\n",
      "876e67fa-314d-40e4-b942-21ca63e81995 This was the final meeting of the interface project. The team first discussed the accessibility issue. The group also discussed the requirements for the interface, such as how to deal with different kinds of data and how to handle different types of data. The final meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the interface and future directions for the team's work. The group agreed that the interface should be up to standard and that it should be a good-looking and user-friendly interface.\n",
      "876e67fa-314d-40e4-b942-21ca63e81995 2023-10-17_New_diffs_architecture_blueprint_2.csv\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initializing\n",
      "Pinecone Serverless Initialized\n",
      "Upserting transcript into Pinecone...\n",
      "Error upserting transcript to Pinecone:  Error code: 429 - {'error': {'message': 'Rate limit reached for text-embedding-3-large in organization org-1jqIKi00bcBNoP858muzh3Az on requests per day (RPD): Limit 200, Used 200, Requested 1. Please try again in 7m12s. Visit https://platform.openai.com/account/rate-limits to learn more. You can increase your rate limit by adding a payment method to your account at https://platform.openai.com/account/billing.', 'type': 'requests', 'param': None, 'code': 'rate_limit_exceeded'}}\n",
      "9f845b2f-fae9-4179-90e1-18e757888716 This is the third meeting of the group. The group first discussed the current trend in the market place and future directions of the market. Then, the group discussed the status of the project and its progress. The meeting ended with a general overview of the New York State and the future direction of the health care field. The final point of the meeting was that the group was very satisfied with the progress of their project and the team was looking forward to the next meeting. The team also discussed the future of the team and the project.\n"
     ]
    },
    {
     "ename": "KeyError",
     "evalue": "'9f845b2f-fae9-4179-90e1-18e757888716'",
     "output_type": "error",
     "traceback": [
      "\u001b[1;31m---------------------------------------------------------------------------\u001b[0m",
      "\u001b[1;31mKeyError\u001b[0m                                  Traceback (most recent call last)",
      "Cell \u001b[1;32mIn[8], line 7\u001b[0m\n\u001b[0;32m      5\u001b[0m \u001b[38;5;28;01mif\u001b[39;00m i \u001b[38;5;129;01mnot\u001b[39;00m \u001b[38;5;129;01min\u001b[39;00m dnu_uuid:\n\u001b[0;32m      6\u001b[0m     \u001b[38;5;28mprint\u001b[39m(i, df_summary_dict[i])\n\u001b[1;32m----> 7\u001b[0m     \u001b[38;5;28mprint\u001b[39m(i, \u001b[43muuid_to_filename_dict\u001b[49m\u001b[43m[\u001b[49m\u001b[43mi\u001b[49m\u001b[43m]\u001b[49m)\n\u001b[0;32m      9\u001b[0m     df_transcript \u001b[38;5;241m=\u001b[39m pd\u001b[38;5;241m.\u001b[39mread_csv(\n\u001b[0;32m     10\u001b[0m         transcriptFolder \u001b[38;5;241m+\u001b[39m uuid_to_filename_dict[i],\n\u001b[0;32m     11\u001b[0m     )\n\u001b[0;32m     12\u001b[0m     meeting_title \u001b[38;5;241m=\u001b[39m uuid_to_filename_dict[i]\u001b[38;5;241m.\u001b[39mreplace(\u001b[38;5;124m\"\u001b[39m\u001b[38;5;124m.csv\u001b[39m\u001b[38;5;124m\"\u001b[39m, \u001b[38;5;124m\"\u001b[39m\u001b[38;5;124m\"\u001b[39m)\n",
      "\u001b[1;31mKeyError\u001b[0m: '9f845b2f-fae9-4179-90e1-18e757888716'"
     ]
    }
   ],
   "source": [
    "dnu_uuid = [\"d8054419-991c-42f8-b736-a9da4f55126f\"]\n",
    "transcriptFolder = \"./data/transcriptFiles/\"\n",
    "\n",
    "for i in df_summary_dict.keys():\n",
    "    if i not in dnu_uuid:\n",
    "        print(i, df_summary_dict[i])\n",
    "        print(i, uuid_to_filename_dict[i])\n",
    "\n",
    "        df_transcript = pd.read_csv(\n",
    "            transcriptFolder + uuid_to_filename_dict[i],\n",
    "        )\n",
    "        meeting_title = uuid_to_filename_dict[i].replace(\".csv\", \"\")\n",
    "        meeting_summary = df_summary_dict[i]\n",
    "        meeting_uuid = i\n",
    "\n",
    "        pinecone_init_upsert(\n",
    "            df_transcript,\n",
    "            meeting_title,\n",
    "            meeting_summary,\n",
    "            meeting_uuid,\n",
    "        )"
   ]
  }
 ],
 "metadata": {
  "kernelspec": {
   "display_name": ".venv",
   "language": "python",
   "name": "python3"
  },
  "language_info": {
   "codemirror_mode": {
    "name": "ipython",
    "version": 3
   },
   "file_extension": ".py",
   "mimetype": "text/x-python",
   "name": "python",
   "nbconvert_exporter": "python",
   "pygments_lexer": "ipython3",
   "version": "3.11.7"
  }
 },
 "nbformat": 4,
 "nbformat_minor": 2
}
