Text,Cluster Label
"The meeting was about the architecture design of the GIT lab's new DSS project. The group first discussed the design of an architecture design document that would cover the future of the DSS. They discussed how they could further improve the current architecture. The meeting ended with a general discussion about future work on the project, including future directions for the project and future work in general. The final meeting was focused on future work, including a new project manager's role and the future direction of the project.",0
"This was the second meeting of the new D-goal group. The meeting was about the architecture of the database. First, the group discussed the scroll issues that the team had to deal with. Next, they discussed the logistics of adding the blueprint to the documentation. The group also discussed how they could make their database more robust. Lastly, the meeting ended with a general discussion about the future of the project, including future work on the database and future thoughts about the team's work in general.",0
This meeting was about technical issues that the team had to deal with within the backdrop project. First the team introduced the technical lead for the backdrop C MS project who was introducing the D two B migration model. Next the group discussed technical issues with the D-two B module which was responsible for migration to the database. Lastly the meeting ended with a group discussion about the future of the project including future ideas for future work. The group agreed that more work should be done on the background project.,0
This is the first time that the team has hosted a release kickoff at Git Lab. The meeting was about the Glab 16.7 monthly release kickoff for November. First the team discussed the current status of the core platforms group. Next the group discussed the future direction of the project including future directions and future work on data science. Lastly the meeting ended with a group discussion about the Deaf section of the web which was mainly about the improvements in the interface design.,0
The group product manager introduced the product leaders for the SEC and data science sections. The team was working on a world-class Cops experience with a focus on first class usability and A I powered workflows. They were also working on an interface for the data science section. The meeting ended with a general discussion about the future direction of the project including future work on the Cops project and future directions of the C-zero project. The group also discussed the future of the team and their work on C-one and C-two.,0
"This is the second meeting of the group. First, the group discussed the logistics of the new time zone. They discussed how to deal with the different time zones of the time zones. Then, they discussed how they could make their work better by making it easier for people to share their work with the world. Lastly, they talked about how to make the new diffs architecture better for the group and how they would make it easier to share ideas about their work and future work with other groups.",0
"This meeting was about the progress of the team's work on the DS project. The team first discussed the technical matters, then moved onto a discussion about how they would make their work more efficient. The final decision was made that the team should focus on the service side rendering, but the team was not sure what they should do to make it better. Finally, the meeting ended with a brief discussion about the future of the project, which was mainly about future work and future thoughts on the project.",0
